# React Starter App
This template is based on the default app generated by [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

The app automatically runs in development mode.<br>
Click 'Show Live' to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the editor.<br>

## Getting started
First of all, remix this app! Remixing will create your own copy of the app that is unique to you -- any changes you make will only apply to your version. Make sure you change the description in your version so you remember what the app does when you're looking at it later.

Edit `src/App.js` to start customizing your app.

## Code

For the project to build, these files must exist with exact filenames:
* `public/index.html` is the page template;
* `src/index.js` is the JavaScript entry point.
You can delete or rename the other files.

`watch.json` - The [watch.json](https://glitch.com/help/restart/) file in this project configures Glitch to use optimal install and restart rules for developing React apps. 

## Available Scripts

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Made by [Glitch](https://glitch.com/)
-------------------

\ ゜o゜)ノ